Added resources on data collection (#6143)
kamranahmedse/developer-roadmap: src/data/roadmaps/react-native/content/104-core-components/104-image-background.md

export default App;
```

In the above example, `source` prop is used to add the image URL, `style` prop for adding some custom styling, and `resizeMode` to define how the image should stretch to fill the available space. The `Text` component inside the `ImageBackground` is then rendered on top of the image.

> For more information and details, you can refer to the React Native docs:
> 
> - [Image Background - React Native](https://reactnative.dev/docs/imagebackground)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Visit the following resources to learn more:

- [@official@Image Background - React Native](https://reactnative.dev/docs/imagebackground)
```
